# Example Flows
## 1. Project Manager Creating a Task
Alice is a new project manager for a retail website. Naturally, she wants to keep organized and decides she wants to start by creating three tasks. Initially she calls POST /user/create to create an account with the Task Manager API, setting her username to "Alice" and her password to "password123". After succesfully being stored in the system and receiving her unique ID (response from POST /user/create), she calls POST /crud/create and fills in the fields for her first task "Design and Prototype". After receiving an "OK" response, she successfully inserts her other tasks, "Documentation" and "Testing/Debugging", the same way.

## 2. Employee Sorting and Completing a Task
Bob wants to view his tasks by order of due date to see which ones he should work on first. He calls POST user/login and enters his username and password. After getting an "OK" response, he calls GET /sort and sorts by due_date in descending order. This returns a list of tasks in the selected sorting order. He sees a task marked as "in progress" due today with task_id 28 and finishes working on it. He then calls PATCH /crud/update/28 and sets the status to "complete" and recieves an "OK" response, letting him know it succesfully updated.

## 3. Store Owner Categorizing Tasks
Robert owns a computer repair shop and uses the task manager to categorize repairs by their tags. He has tags for "laptop" or "desktop", the operating system "windows", "mac", or "linux", as well as the type of repair "display", "battery", "malware", among others. He receives an order from a customer with a Windows laptop that won't turn on. He logs into the Task Manager API with POST user/login and creates a task for it using POST /crud/create which returns an ID of 30. After determining the issue is with the battery, he adds a tag to the task using POST tags/30/add with the request { "name": ["battery"] } and recieves an "OK" response. Before making an order for a new battery, he views all tasks with the tag "battery" before the other tasks using GET sort/tags with the request { "tags": ["battery"] }.
